# Terminal Fundamentals #

A. Navigating in Terminal Exercises
  1.
    a.The difference between '/' and '~' is that the former is the highest directory for the entire system whereas '~' refers to the highest directory of the user that is currently  logged in.
    b.'/' refers to a root directory. In other words, the first or top-most directory of the system.
    c. '~' refers to a home directory. In other words, the directory containing files for a given user of that system. 
  2. We use cd (aka change directory) when changing directories.
  3. The difference between absolute and relative paths are that an absolute path points to the same lcoation in a file system (regardless of the current directory) whereas relative path starts from a given working directory.

B. Working with Files and Folders Exercises
  1. touch name.txt
  2. mv name.txt rename.txt
  3. cp rename.txt copy.txt
  4. rm copy.txt
  5. mkdir questions
  6. cd questions
  7. touch first.txt
  8. touch second.txt
  9. cd ..
     cp -r questions questions_copy
  10.-r is a flag. It's a command as an option that can be passed to that command.
  11.rm -rf questions
     rm -rf questions_copy 

C. Listing Files and Flags Exercises
  No Exercises

D. Terminal Basics Exercises
  Part 1.
    1. mkdir first
    2. cd first
    3. touch person.txt
    4. mv person.txt another.txt
    5. cp another.txt copy.txt
    6. rm copy.txt
    7. cd ..
      cp -r first second
    8. rm -rf second
  
  Part 2.
    1. man stands for manual and is an informational resource to better understand what each command does. To get out of man rm hit 'q'.
    2. man ls. -l lists in long former. -a includes directory entries whose names begin with a dot.
    3. curl https://www.google.com > google.html
    4. less google.html
    5. man less.
    6. OPTION + Left Arrow or OPTION + Right Arrow
    7. CTRL + A
    8. CTRL + E
    9. CTRL + W 
    10. Terminal is an app that gives us a Command Line Interface (CLI) whereas the shell is the actual program that lives within Terminal.
    11./12. The difference between absolute and relative paths are that an absolute path points to the same lcoation in a file system (regardless of the current directory) whereas relative path starts from a given working directory.
    13.It's a command as an option that can be passed to that command. -r, -l, -a are all flags I've used so far.
    14. They help remove a folder even if there are contents within it.